Weather unit conversion (#1376)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/core/entity/weather.md

| wind_bearing | float or string | `None` | The current wind bearing in azimuth angle (degrees) or 1-3 letter cardinal direction.
| forecast | array | `None` | Daily or Hourly forecast data.

### Unit Conversion

Properties have to follow the units mentioned on the respective unit of measurement in the table.

> For the user, properties will be presented according to the unit system set by the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To the user, properties will be presented according to the unit system set by the user. This is achieved by automatically converting units when creating state objects.
```

> The user also has the option to override the units for each weather entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user also has the option to override the presentation units, i.e. the units used in the state objects. for each weather entity.
```
